Oh, Molly, I want to introduce you to my nephew Connor.
Your Connor's uncle?
Yeah, Connor and I are family.
It would seem that fate has a way of intertwining our lives.
Who are you?
You're not his?
Who am I?
Oh, my gosh.
I got it.
You!
You're playing to marry my uncle to get back at me.
But you mistook Adrian for him.
But that it.
Did you marry me?
One of the false assumptions that was Connor's uncle?
Please tell me that's not true.
You know what, Matt? Just upon your game?
Huh? A tool for your vengeance?
Adrian, I didn't mean for it to go like this, okay?
I thought that...
You thought you could use me to get to him, right?
You lied to me, Molly.
Well, we have some other guests to attend to.
Enjoy the rest of your evening.
Adrian, I'm sorry, okay?
It was a mistake.
It was a lie.
Who's the lie?
I trusted you.
I don't...
I don't know.
We can move forward from this.
Adrian.
Adrian!
I love you!
And I never meant to hurt you.
But please, give me another chance.
Molly, love isn't built on lies in revenge, okay?
I thought we had was real, but...
How much does it believe anything you say to me?
Hmm?
Adrian, I know I lied to you.
I love you.
If you're giving me a chance, I promise I'll make it up to you for the rest of my life.
I promise.
You don't have to do that.
I think I need some space.
Respect your decision.
I'll give you this space you need.
Why don't we just get a divorce?
We said we'd get a divorce after a few months anyway.
Right.
Yeah, no, that's...
I think that's for the rest.
I'll drop the divorce papers.
The votes have been counted in.
We have ushered in the final competition for the final winning design for the New City Art Museum.
And it'll be between Jennifer Johnson from Johnson Architects or Molly Johnson from CC Studio.
Now, please, everyone, let's take a break and let's come back in 20 minutes for our final presentation.
You're gonna get it, Molly.
Thank you.
Every single moment has led up to this.
I have trouble checked every single detail to ensure it's security, so no one can steal this time.
That's embarrassing.
She has no chance.
Heard Jennifer Johnson was a talented one.
Dr. Addison's coming.
She's a top ring professor at Princeton University in Architecture.
Molly, isn't it?
I couldn't help but notice your distress.
Is there anything I can do to assist?
Dr. Addison, I can't believe it's you.
My model is damaged, and don't have any glue to fix it.
Don't worry, Molly.
I have it with me.
Wow.
Work, work.
Thank you.
You have no idea how much this means to me.
Done.
I can't tell you how much I appreciate this.
Well, your design deserves to be presented in all its glory.
This is remarkable.
It reflects ingenuity, elegance, and a deep understanding for architectural concepts.
I'm truly impressed.
You have no idea how much your work's meant to me.
I know the competition is tough, but I really do believe in my design.
Molly, I see immense potential in you.
I would be willing to personally recommend your work to the committee.
Your talent deserves recognition and opportunities to flourish.
I can't believe what I just heard.
I wish you could praise me like that.
I don't know what to say.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Now go on.
The stage is yours.
Good evening.
Thank you all for being here tonight.
My name is Molly Johnson, and I will be presenting my project entitled Cosmic Eye.
Thank you all for coming here tonight.
I hope you have a good evening.
I don't know what I would have done without you.
Actually, there's another person you should thank.
Molly, it's the mysterious investor who actually backed her architectural firm.
Truth be told, I didn't choose to support you because of him.
It's because you impressed me.
Who is this mysterious investor?
I'm afraid I can't tell you, Molly.
Grandma, I was just passing by.
Can I grab a coffee or something? I'm punched.
Yeah, sure. Come on in.
Milk.
Oh yes, please. Milk.
Two sugars. Hot, but not too hot.
What are you looking for?
Oh, nothing.
I'm just stretching my legs.
Where are you going, Grandma?
Oh, I forgot my most favorite chocolate.
You can't be.
You enjoy it on the balcony. I'm heading out.
Here's to our rising architectural star, Molly.
Cheers.
So?
Oops.
You mean about Adrian?
No.
He's over me.
I'm sorry. I shouldn't have brought him up.
Don't worry about it.
I need to get over him.
Speak of the devil.
That's all right.
I want to see you.
Really?
Yes.
Come to my bedhouse in my way.
Well, I'm not sure.
I might be too busy.
Because he wants to see me.
Let's go.
I'm going to need a lot more of this.
Oh, yes, you are.
I'm turning this to you.
The houseplants?
No.
Well, yours.
Adrian, you don't have to say goodbye like this.
Goodbye.
No, I don't want to say goodbye out.
I want you to come back.
Oh, my God. Adrian.
This is supposed to be a surprise, but clearly I suck at surprises.
But if you come back to me and draw a cosmic eyes on my face in your day,
then more probably we can build it in our life.
That would cost a billion dollars.
Well, this isn't the first time I've invested in this rising architect.
Adrian, are you the investor?
Yeah.
Just me and the old town.
The least.
One or three times every week.
Orchids.
What a once a day.
With an ice cube.
And big hydrangeas.
Keep them out of the sun.
I'm very impressed.
I want them to flourish when you come back.
Molly.
Again?
Yes.
Yes, please.
Adrian, kiss the girl like you mean it this time.
Adrian, come on, we're going out.
Adrian, you've been out here for hours.
Sunday morning.